
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:

CSE 6331, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q6, Summer 2022   (c) DL, UTA, 2022


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4a. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
     (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")

 4b. Upload all data files (*csv, not this quiz) to cloud service. 
  
Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:

 To recieve credit you MUST show (demo) AND submit the code (text only) on Canvas.

    You are asked to build a very minimal course registration system. It will (of course) be cloud based.
    Students will be allowed to enroll for up to as many classes as they wish, as long as there is room (seats) in each requested class,
    and as long as they take a maximum of two in one day. The Days are M,W,F for Monday, Weds and Friday (or only one letter or two
    letters/days in some cases) and TR for Tuesday and Thursday, or T for Tuesday.
    Only students who are enrolled (on the list of students) are able to enroll in a class. (You may use name or ID to check)
    Classes are specified by a class number and section number, some classes have more than one section. 
    For security reasons, the student view and the administrator view must run on different instances 
    and must be viewable in different browsers.
    Classes that are 5000 or 6000 level classes may only be taken by older students, we will give you a minimum age MA in a web
    page, don't allow students below that age to enroll in 5000 or 6000 level classes.

    Your interface will be of two different views: the first is the student view where she may enter her name or ID and then 
    enroll in a new course (if available). The second is the administrators view, who may see the names and ids and ages for
    all students for a specific class (given the course and section number).

 10. Show a web page and interface (which resides on the cloud provider) with your 
     Student ID at the top and below that, your name, at the top of every web page dispayed 
     (for this quiz). Please use a large font.

 11. Show us the student view. Show us instances running.

 12. Show us the administrators view. Show us instances running.

 13. Show us, in a link, the application running and we will try it out. Only for parts (10), 11, 12

 15. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

